1.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

2.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

3.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

4.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

5.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

6.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

7.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

8.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

9.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

10.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

11.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

12.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

13.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

14.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

15.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

16.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

17.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

18.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

19.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

20.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

21.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

22.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

23.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

24.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

25.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

26.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

27.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

28.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

29.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

30.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

31.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

32.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

33.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

34.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

35.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

36.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

37.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

38.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

39.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

40.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

41.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

42.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

43.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

44.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

45.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

46.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

47.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

48.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

49.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

50.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

51.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

52.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

53.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

54.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

55.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

56.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

57.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

58.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

59.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

60.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

61.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

62.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

63.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

64.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

65.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

66.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

67.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

68.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

69.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

70.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

71.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

72.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

73.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

74.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

75.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

76.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

77.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

78.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

79.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

80.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

81.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

82.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

83.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

84.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

85.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

86.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

87.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

88.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

89.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

90.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

91.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

92.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

93.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

94.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

95.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

96.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

97.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

98.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

99.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

100.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

101.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

102.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

103.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

104.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

105.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

106.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

107.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

108.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

109.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

110.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

111.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

112.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

113.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

114.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

115.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

116.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

117.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

118.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

119.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

120.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

121.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

122.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

123.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

124.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

125.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

126.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

127.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

128.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

129.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

130.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

131.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

132.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

133.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

134.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

135.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

136.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

137.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

138.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

139.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

140.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

141.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

142.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

143.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

144.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

145.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

146.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

147.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

148.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

149.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

150.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

151.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

152.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

153.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

154.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

155.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

156.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

157.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

158.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

159.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

160.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

161.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

162.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

163.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

164.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

165.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

166.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

167.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

168.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

169.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

170.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

171.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

172.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

173.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

174.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

175.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

176.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

177.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

178.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

179.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

180.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

181.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

182.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

183.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

184.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

185.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

186.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

187.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

188.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

189.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

190.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

191.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

192.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

193.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

194.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

195.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

196.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

197.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

198.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

199.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

200.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

201.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

202.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

203.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

204.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

205.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

206.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

207.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

208.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

209.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

210.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

211.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

212.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

213.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

214.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

215.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

216.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

217.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

218.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

219.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

220.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

221.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

222.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

223.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

224.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

225.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

226.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

227.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

228.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

229.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

230.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

231.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

232.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

233.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

234.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

235.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

236.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

237.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

238.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

239.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

240.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

241.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

242.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

243.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

244.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

245.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

246.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

247.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

248.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

249.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

250.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

251.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

252.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

253.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

254.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

255.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

256.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

257.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

258.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

259.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

260.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

261.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

262.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

263.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

264.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

265.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

266.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

267.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

268.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

269.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

270.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

271.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

272.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

273.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

274.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

275.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

276.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

277.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

278.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

279.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

280.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

281.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

282.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

283.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

284.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

285.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

286.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

287.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

288.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

289.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

290.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

291.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

292.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

293.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

294.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

295.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

296.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

297.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

298.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

299.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

300.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

301.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

302.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

303.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

304.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

305.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

306.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

307.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

308.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

309.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

310.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

311.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

312.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

313.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

314.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

315.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

316.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

317.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

318.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

319.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

320.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

321.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

322.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

323.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

324.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

325.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

326.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

327.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

328.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

329.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

330.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

331.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

332.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

333.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

334.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

335.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

336.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

337.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

338.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

339.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

340.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

341.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

342.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

343.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

344.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

345.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

346.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

347.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

348.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

349.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

350.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

351.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

352.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

353.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

354.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

355.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

356.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

357.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

358.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

359.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

360.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

361.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

362.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

363.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

364.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

365.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

366.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

367.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

368.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

369.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

370.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

371.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

372.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

373.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

374.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

375.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

376.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

377.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

378.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

379.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

380.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

381.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

382.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

383.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

384.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

385.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

386.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

387.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

388.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

389.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

390.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

391.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

392.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

393.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

394.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

395.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

396.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

397.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

398.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

399.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

400.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

401.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

402.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

403.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

404.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

405.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

406.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

407.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

408.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

409.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

410.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

411.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

412.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

413.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

414.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

415.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

416.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

417.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

418.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

419.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

420.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

421.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

422.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

423.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

424.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

425.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

426.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

427.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

428.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

429.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

430.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

431.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

432.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

433.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

434.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

435.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

436.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

437.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

438.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

439.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

440.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

441.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

442.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

443.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

444.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

445.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

446.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

447.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

448.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

449.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

450.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

451.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

452.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

453.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

454.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

455.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

456.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

457.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

458.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

459.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

460.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

461.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

462.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

463.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

464.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

465.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

466.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

467.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

468.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

469.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

470.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

471.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

472.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

473.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

474.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

475.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

476.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

477.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

478.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

479.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

480.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

481.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

482.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

483.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

484.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

485.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

486.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

487.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

488.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

489.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

490.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

491.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

492.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

493.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

494.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

495.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

496.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

497.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

498.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

499.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

500.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

501.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

502.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

503.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

504.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

505.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

506.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

507.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

508.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

509.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

510.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

511.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

512.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

513.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

514.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

515.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

516.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

517.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

518.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

519.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

520.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

521.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

522.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

523.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

524.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

525.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

526.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

527.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

528.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

529.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

530.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

531.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

532.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

533.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

534.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

535.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

536.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

537.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

538.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

539.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

540.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

541.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

542.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

543.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

544.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

545.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

546.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

547.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

548.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

549.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

550.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

551.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

552.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

553.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

554.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

555.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

556.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

557.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

558.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

559.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

560.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

561.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

562.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

563.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

564.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

565.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

566.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

567.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

568.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

569.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

570.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

571.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

572.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

573.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

574.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

575.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

576.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

577.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

578.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

579.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

580.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

581.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

582.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

583.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

584.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

585.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

586.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

587.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

588.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

589.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

590.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

591.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

592.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

593.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

594.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

595.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

596.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

597.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

598.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

599.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

600.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

601.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

602.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

603.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

604.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

605.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

606.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

607.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

608.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

609.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

610.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

611.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

612.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

613.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

614.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

615.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

616.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

617.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

618.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

619.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

620.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

621.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

622.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

623.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

624.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

625.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

626.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

627.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

628.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

629.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

630.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

631.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

632.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

633.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

634.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

635.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

636.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

637.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

638.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

639.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

640.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

641.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

642.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

643.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

644.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

645.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

646.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

647.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

648.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

649.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

650.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

651.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

652.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

653.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

654.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

655.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

656.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

657.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

658.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

659.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

660.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

661.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

662.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

663.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

664.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

665.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

666.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

667.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

668.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

669.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

670.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

671.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

672.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

673.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

674.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

675.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

676.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

677.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

678.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

679.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

680.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

681.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

682.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

683.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

684.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

685.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

686.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

687.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

688.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

689.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

690.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

691.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

692.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

693.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

694.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

695.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

696.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

697.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

698.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

699.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

700.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

701.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

702.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

703.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

704.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

705.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

706.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

707.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

708.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

709.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

710.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

711.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

712.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

713.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

714.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

715.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

716.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

717.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

718.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

719.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

720.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

721.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

722.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

723.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

724.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

725.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

726.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

727.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

728.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

729.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

730.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

731.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

732.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

733.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

734.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

735.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

736.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

737.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

738.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

739.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

740.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

741.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

742.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

743.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

744.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

745.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

746.
Happy birthday baby. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

747.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

748.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

749.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

750.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

751.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

752.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

753.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

754.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

755.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

756.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

757.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

758.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

759.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

760.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

761.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

762.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

763.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

764.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

765.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

766.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

767.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

768.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

769.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

770.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

771.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

772.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

773.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

774.
Happy birthday baby. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

775.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

776.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

777.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

778.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

779.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

780.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

781.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

782.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

783.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

784.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

785.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

786.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

787.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

788.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

789.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

790.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

791.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

792.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

793.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

794.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

795.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

796.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

797.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

798.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

799.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

800.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

801.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

802.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

803.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

804.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

805.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

806.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

807.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

808.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

809.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

810.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

811.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

812.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

813.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

814.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

815.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

816.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

817.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

818.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

819.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

820.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

821.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

822.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

823.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

824.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

825.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

826.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

827.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

828.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

829.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

830.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

831.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

832.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

833.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

834.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

835.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

836.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

837.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

838.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

839.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

840.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

841.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

842.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

843.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

844.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

845.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

846.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

847.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

848.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

849.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

850.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

851.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

852.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

853.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

854.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

855.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

856.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

857.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

858.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

859.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

860.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

861.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

862.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

863.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

864.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

865.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

866.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

867.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

868.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

869.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

870.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

871.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

872.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

873.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

874.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

875.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I love you endlessly.

876.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

877.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

878.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

879.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

880.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I love you endlessly.

881.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

882.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

883.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

884.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

885.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

886.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

887.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

888.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

889.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

890.
Happy birthday sweetheart. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

891.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

892.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

893.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

894.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

895.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

896.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

897.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

898.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

899.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

900.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

901.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

902.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

903.
Happy birthday my love. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

904.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

905.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

906.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

907.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

908.
Happy birthday my love. Being miles apart today really sucks but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

909.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

910.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

911.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

912.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

913.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

914.
Happy birthday baby. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

915.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

916.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

917.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

918.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

919.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

920.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

921.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

922.
Happy birthday baby. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

923.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

924.
Happy birthday baby. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

925.
Happy birthday my love. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

926.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

927.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

928.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

929.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

930.
Happy birthday my love. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

931.
Happy birthday my love. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

932.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

933.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

934.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

935.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

936.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

937.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

938.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

939.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

940.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. I love you endlessly.

941.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

942.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

943.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

944.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

945.
Happy birthday my love. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

946.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

947.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

948.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

949.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

950.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

951.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

952.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

953.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

954.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

955.
Happy birthday baby. Being miles apart today really sucks but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

956.
Happy birthday sweetheart. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

957.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

958.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

959.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

960.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

961.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

962.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

963.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I can't wait until the day comes when we don't have to say goodbye through a screen anymore. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

964.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

965.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

966.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

967.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

968.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

969.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

970.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

971.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

972.
Happy birthday baby. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

973.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

974.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Enjoy your day to the fullest, you deserve it.

975.
Happy birthday sweetheart. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

976.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. I love you endlessly.

977.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

978.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

979.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

980.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but you always manage to make me feel so close to you anyway. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

981.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

982.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I hate that we have to be so far apart on your special day, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

983.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I love you endlessly.

984.
Happy birthday baby. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I am so proud of you and I honestly can't wait to close this distance between us for good. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

985.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. Being miles apart today really sucks but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

986.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

987.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

988.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but I hope you know how much I'm thinking about you right now. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

989.
Happy birthday my love. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. Have an amazing day baby, I miss you so much.

990.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I love you endlessly.

991.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. I know the distance is super tough on us sometimes, but you are my greatest blessing no matter where we are. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I'm sending you the biggest virtual hug ever right now.

992.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but no matter the distance, my heart is always right there with you. Every single day I spend missing you is just one day closer to being in your arms again. I love you endlessly.

993.
Wishing the happiest birthday to my favorite person. I wish more than anything I could be there with you right now, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

994.
Happy birthday my love. Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

995.
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl. Being miles apart today really sucks but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm so excited for all the future birthdays we'll get to spend actually together. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

996.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It really hurts that I can't wake you up with a kiss today, but just knowing you're having a good day is all I care about. Just hang in there, because soon enough I'll be able to hold you as much as I want. Have the best time today and just know my heart is right there with you.

997.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It really sucks not being able to celebrate with you in person, but my feelings for you only get stronger the longer we're apart. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Have the best birthday ever, I love you so much.

998.
Happy Birthday gorgeous! Not being able to hold you today is the hardest thing, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I promise the next time I see you I'm going to make up for all the missed hugs and kisses. Keep shining, I'll be celebrating you all day from here.

999.
Happy birthday to my absolute favorite person in the world. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but even with all this distance, I just love you more and more every single day. I'm literally counting down the days until I can finally see you again and give you the biggest hug. I love you endlessly.

1000.
Happy birthday to my beautiful girlfriend. It breaks my heart a little that I can't be there to see you smile today, but honestly you are worth every single mile of it. I really hope today brings you as much happiness as you bring me every day. I hope you get totally spoiled today, love you.

